(Khloe groans)
>> KHLOE: Everything goes up my
(bleep).
What do you guys want to do?
>> KYLIE: I want to do this.
So, you take this side and you
get in a plank.
You know what I mean?
And then you move like this.
>> KHLOE: Do you know what
happens if you do a plank on the
regular floor?
>> KYLIE: The same thing.
>> KHLOE: Right, but that, you
think that (bleep) ball really
does anything for you?
>> PIA: Kylie, this does not do
anything.
>> KYLIE: Go in circles.
Go in circles.
>> KHLOE: You guys, you do this.
That does nothing.
These girls have no idea what,
like, real working out is.
>> KYLIE: Okay.
>> PIA: Got to even out the feet
a little.
>> KHLOE: Wait, what are you
doing? Hold on.
Wait, Kylie.
>> PIA: Come on, Ky, keep it
strong.
>> KHLOE: Like, them working out
is... it's pretty laughable.
Do your pants not ride up when
you work out?
>> PIA: I mean...
>> KYLIE: No... (giggles)
>> PIA: Am I doing okay?
>> KHLOE: I could never wear
outfits like that.
I have to always cover the
camel.
CTC.
>> PIA: Yeah.
>> KYLIE: We don't have that
issue, really.
>> KHLOE: Well, everything I
wear, I have to do this.
Like, have to have them long
enough.
>> KYLIE: That's so sad.
>> KHLOE: If you could see right
now, you could see the whole
insides of my vagina, 'cause
these leggings are so far up my
(bleep).
>> KYLIE: Wait, ew, Khlo.
>> KHLOE: Ew.
>> KYLIE: Ew, you!
(all laughing)
>> SHARON: Hi!
Welcome!
>> KHLOE: Hey, how are you?
>> SHARON: Want a coffee or
something?
>> KHLOE: No, I'm good.
I just ordered a salad.
>> SHARON: Okay.
We have some questions.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> SHARON: Some things to
address with you ladies.
>> KHLOE: Okay.
>> SHARON: So, this party.
Tell me about this party.
>> KHLOE: Kourt and I are going
to throw Kim a baby shower.
So, we've been a little sneaky.
We've set up a registry.
>> KOURTNEY: She needs, uh,
nipple cream.
>> KHLOE: Does Kim need this?
>> KOURTNEY: Look at this.
In the zero to three.
>> KHLOE: Ooh-ho, look at these.
I mean, obviously we have
to do, like, white.
We can't do, like, colors
because Kim might die.
>> SHARON: Right.
>> WOMAN: White roses, white
mini-roses.
>> SHARON: Here is your layout.
>> KHLOE: Are we gonna have
anything on the floor?
>> SHARON: No.
>> KHLOE: For women with heels
or anything?
>> SHARON: Invitation says
gardeny...
>> WOMAN: Garden sheik.
>> SHARON: Sheik.
>> WOMAN: And everyone that
RSVP's to me, I let them know.
>> SHARON: That we're on grass.
>> WOMAN: Yeah.
>> SHARON: And the C... Kanye's
lullaby CD is the gift.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah, love.
>> SHARON: And this is how we
were gonna wrap it.
>> KOURTNEY: I love it.
>> KHLOE: Me, too.
>> SHARON: So, we're good?
>> KOURTNEY: Yes.
We are more than good.
We are great.
>> KYLIE: Hello.
>> BRUCE: Hey, buddy.
>> KYLIE: Is that your gun?
>> BRUCE: Well, yeah.
I'm cleaning it.
>> KYLIE: I thought it was at
the other house.
>> BRUCE: No, there's nobody at
the house that even knows how to
use the thing.
So, I thought, heck, I got the,
uh, little safe thing out of
there, brought it over here.
>> KYLIE: That is so scary that
you're even holding that.
>> BRUCE: There's no bullets in
it, that's why...
See? It's all apart.
>> KYLIE: Can I touch it?
>> BRUCE: Yeah, sure.
There's nothing in it.
Come here.
(Kylie chuckles)
Once you fire it a few times,
it's-it's fun.
You know, you got your little
target out there.
You're out there.
Bang, bang, bang-- trying to hit
the targets.
Not easy, takes a little
practice like everything else.
You know?
>> KYLIE: Did you draw that on
Mom's face?
>> BRUCE: I would never do
something like that, you know...
>> KYLIE: You're looking pretty
guilty.
>> JOYCE: Hi!
>> KOURTNEY: Hi.
Those are cute pajamas.
>> JOYCE: Yours are cute.
>> KOURTNEY: Hi!
(women all saying hi)
>> JOYCE: Hi, Khlo.
>> KOURTNEY: Hi, guys.
>> JOYCE: Look at that!
Oh!
>> KOURTNEY: Everyone, thank you
for coming to the beautiful
pajama jammy jam.
>> JOYCE: Cheers.
(all whooping)
>> KHLOE: First of all, I just
want to say thank you, guys,
because this is the best night
of Kourtney's life.
I have never seen her, like,
honestly this makes me feel so
good to see her like this.
(Kourtney laughs)
Girls, girls...
did you see the pics?
>> KOURTNEY: Your camel toe?
On Perez Hilton?
>> KHLOE: I always have camel
toe, and we have a nickname and
we say "CTC," which it stands
for "cover the camel."
>> WOMAN: Like full toe?
>> KHLOE: No, like Moses parted
the Red Sea.
(all laughing)
>> KOURTNEY: We've all had our
camel-toe moments, but Khloe
lets the camel toe be shown.
>> KHLOE: It is what it is.
I have a big (bleep).
I can't control it.
>> JOYCE: I've seen everyone in
her family's (bleep).
So I'm like, "Wait, this one has
maybe a puffy (bleep).
That one definitely doesn't."
>> WOMAN 2: Are you doing the
math right now?
Is that what's happening?
>> JOYCE: Yeah, I was curious.
>> KOURTNEY: You know Kim does
not.
>> JOYCE: I think that we should
all look at each and everyone's
(bleep).
>> WOMAN: Wait, wait!
(all chuckling)
>> JOYCE: No, well, I want to
see the...
>> KYLIE: So, I came downstairs
the other day.
>> KRIS: Mm-hmm.
>> KYLIE: And Dad was cleaning
his gun, and I totally forgot
that we had a gun in this house.
>> KRIS: Well, where in the
world does he keep it?
Like, I don't understand where
the safe is.
>> KYLIE: I don't know.
I just think it's really scary.
>> KRIS: I hear you, Kylie, but
you know what?
Do you remember that great plan
we had when he first got it and
we were gonna get rid of it?
>> KYLIE: Yeah.
>> KRIS: Why don't we follow
through with it?
Why don't we just get rid of the
gun because neither one of us
are comfortable with it being in
the house?
When Bruce first started talking
about a gun, Kylie and I were
really against it.
I feel like now it's time to
really make sure we get rid of
this gun because I don't like
the fact that Kylie doesn't feel
comfortable, so we need to do
something about it.
There's got to be a place where
he's hiding this gun.
In this magical safe that he
says he has.
I don't even think there is a
safe.
>> KYLIE: Yeah, right?
I know.
>> KRIS: Let's start looking for
it.
>> KYLIE: What about that?
>> KRIS: Up there?
Is there anything in there?
>> KYLIE: No, but that would be
a good spot.
>> KRIS: I bet one of these
books is, like, a fake book.
It's like, he's not gonna put it
in, like, an obvious place,
'cause he knows that we would
take it.
No.
>> KYLIE: Maybe it's in here.
No one goes in here.
>> KRIS: Nope, water heater.
>> KYLIE: It's not under the
bed.
>> KRIS: Kylie, we're running
out of options.
So, I think that I have to
tell him that I'm willing to
play ball and I'm gonna make
him think that I am on his
bandwagon and I am suddenly
gonna be into guns.
>> KYLIE: Great.
Now we like guns.
How is he gonna believe that?
>> KRIS: I have my ways, my
dear.
Let's go downstairs and act like
nothing's wrong and make Daddy
some dinner.
>> KIM: Hi.
>> KHLOE: Look at her eyes.
She's like a Mufasa lion.
>> KOURTNEY: One, twhr
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God, look at
that.
That's wild.
I want those.
>> MAN: One, two, three, go.
>> PHOTOGRAPHER: Yeah.
There you go.
>> KHLOE: Ooh, lift it up, Kim.
>> PHOTOGRAPHER: Open the lips a
little bit, a little more sexual
in the eyes.
Beautiful, perfect.
>> KIM: Did you have a baby
shower yet?
>> MONICA: Not yet.
>> KIM: Are you going to?
>> MONICA: Mm-hmm.
>> KOURTNEY: We have to plan
your baby shower.
>> KIM: I don't really care.
>> KOURTNEY: You don't care?
>> KIM: Like, I'm not into, like
all the baby games, and...
>> KHLOE: You don't have to
play baby games.
>> KIM: I'm, like, so not into
that.
>> KHLOE: Baby showers are
formulated around you.
>> KIM: I really feel like my
pregnancy has gotten a lot of,
like, negative attention for me
and the baby, so I really just
don't think that I need a baby
shower.
>> KHLOE: I'm just saying you
could do them, like,
however you want to, but it's,
like, fun to celebrate.
You get gifts.
Like, who wouldn't want gifts?
>> MONICA: Ooh, God, this baby's
doing back flips.
>> KIM: I actually don't care.
I just... I'm not in the mood
for it.
Like, let me just relax and not
have some big, huge blown-up
event.
>> KHLOE: I mean, it's pretty
crucial that Kim comes around
and accepts that we have to have
a baby shower because Kourtney
and I have already started
planning everything, and there's
really no turning back.
>> KOURTNEY: Okay, so what's the
final say on the shower-- no?
>> KIM: Who cares?
>> KOURTNEY: You don't want one?
Is the answer "who cares?"
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KOURTNEY: I cannot believe
that Kim is not into having a
shower.
I don't know where this is
coming from, but it's not the
Kim that I know.
>> KIM: I don't need a baby
shower.
>> KOURTNEY: No?
>> KIM: No.
>> KOURTNEY: I got you this
thing.
>> KHLOE: "This product helps to
eliminate camel toe."
>> SCOTT: That's amazing!
>> KHLOE: Ew!
>> KIM: Kourtney, why am I
seeing this registry that was
leaked?
>> KOURTNEY: Khloe and I
registered for you.
>> KIM: If I said I don't want a
registry, why are you trying to
plan it?
>> KOURTNEY: I was asked to
speak on a panel with Jeff
Andrews at the Pacific Design
Center.
I have a crazy obsession with
interior design and decorating,
and I'm so excited to be able to
speak about my love and passion.
>> KRIS: So, here's the deal.
We have to go have lunch with
these people right now, so
before we get there, I don't
want to talk about this in front
of anybody, you know, because
it's, like, family stuff, but we
have got to talk to Kim about
this baby shower business
because I have to get this in
the works.
>> KOURTNEY: She told me she
doesn't want one, and I feel
like these are the moments in
life that you need to celebrate.
That's what life's about.
>> KRIS: Your first baby, you
have to have a baby shower.
Kim's making a huge mistake if
she doesn't want to have a baby
shower.
One of the most special things
about having parties to
celebrate all the amazing things
that go on in life is that it
creates the most beautiful
videos and pictures.
So I don't want Kim to miss out
on all the amazing memories.
>> WOMAN: Kourtney, we're ready
for you.
>> KRIS: She was so excited to
have your shower, and I can't
believe that she wouldn't be
just as excited to have her own.
>> KOURTNEY: If we're gonna
convince her to let us have a
shower for her, we're gonna need
to do it low-key.
>> KRIS: Okay.
>> EMCEE: Please welcome Jeff
Andrews and Kourtney Kardashian.
(applause)
>> KOURTNEY: Hi, guys.
>> EMCEE: Kourtney, describe
your style to us.
>> KOURTNEY: I love vintage.
I love to steal my mom's old
items, not that you're vintage,
Mother.
(laughter)
>> SCOTT: Oh, it's the whole
family.
>> KHLOE: Mazel.
>> SCOTT: Hello, you big dog.
Hello.
Sit.
>> KHLOE: He listens to me.
>> SCOTT: He don't listen.
>> KHLOE: Bernard, sit.
Excuse me, sir.
Excuse me, stay.
Hey, sit.
>> KOURTNEY: I see that you're
wearing a long top.
>> KHLOE: Yeah, so?
>> KOURTNEY: To CTC?
>> SCOTT: What's CTC again?
>> KOURTNEY: Cover that camel.
>> SCOTT: Oh.
>> KHLOE: I try to cover the
camel.
>> KOURTNEY: No, you don't.
You usually wear tight jeans
pulled up to here, and then...
>> SCOTT: That's true. You don't
try to cover anything.
>> KHLOE: When I'm in jeans, I'm
not gonna cover the camel.
In leggings, I'm not gonna show
my camel.
>> KOURTNEY: So I got you
something.
>> KHLOE: What?
>> KOURTNEY: This thing.
Here's a before and an after.
>> KHLOE: Get out of town.
>> SCOTT: It should be called
the Camel Cover.
>> KHLOE: "This product helps to
eliminate what is commonly known
as camel toe."
>> SCOTT: That's amazing!
>> KHLOE: Ew!
>> KOURTNEY: Okay, so put it in.
Let's do... show me a before
and after.
>> SCOTT: No, Khlo, it's not for
your anus; it's for your vagina.
>> KOURTNEY: Khlo, go in the
bathroom.
I'm not asking you to do it in
my kitchen.
>> SCOTT: Ew!
>> KHLOE: Oh, 'cause that would
be inappropriate.
>> SCOTT: I'd like to get one of
these for my penis.
(laughter)
>> KHLOE: Kourtney definitely
never ceases to amaze me, but
the fact that someone makes this
product...
Obviously, I'm not the only
person with this issue.
It's kind of interesting, this
whole cup for your (bleep).
I don't really get it.
This is not comfortable.
>> KOURTNEY: It's not?
>> KHLOE: No.
>> KOURTNEY: It looked very
comfortable.
>> KHLOE: It's like you're
wearing a pad.
>> KOURTNEY: It didn't look like
a thick pad.
>> KHLOE: It's still something
in my (bleep).
>> SCOTT: Maybe you should use
two, one for each side.
(chuckles)
>> BRUCE: We need something to
cool off.
>> KRIS: Hi.
>> KYLIE: It's pretty busy.
>> BRUCE: Honey, what can I get
you?
>> KRIS: Just a little tiny bit
of that.
>> BRUCE: I go with good old
faithful here.
>> KRIS: You guys, I've kind of
changed my tune about the whole
gun thing.
If somebody comes into the
house, how do I get into the
safe so I can protect myself?
>> BRUCE: You got to know the
combination.
>> KRIS: What's the combination?
>> BRUCE: You can't have the
combination until you take a
basic gun safety course.
You just have to know how to use
it.
How to load it.
>> KRIS: Load it?
Why do I have...?
Just leave it loaded.
>> BRUCE: No, the best way would
be, is you take it to a gun
range and just go out there and
take the class.
>> KYLIE: He said we can have
the combination if we take some
classes, so let's take some
classes.
>> KRIS: How many classes do we
have to take?
>> BRUCE: Just one.
That's all you got to know is
know how to use the gun, know
how to load it,
know how to fire it.
>> KRIS: Kylie, will you go
with me?
>> KYLIE: Yes.
>> KRIS: I hope the bogeyman
isn't coming tonight.
(Kylie and Kris laughing)
(line ringing)
>> KIM: Kourtney?
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah?
>> KIM: What am I seeing, that
there's, like, this Bel Bambini
registry online that I saw that
was leaked?
>> KOURTNEY: Khloe and I
registered for you because we
thought that you really needed
some stuff.
>> KIM: I don't need anything.
I don't even want to register.
I don't want anyone to buy us
gifts.
I don't like... I don't need a
baby shower.
I don't even... I don't need
gifts.
I don't need any of this.
>> KRIS: Having a baby shower is
a way for everybody to celebrate
with you and make these memories
that you're going to remember
for the rest of your life.
>> KIM: Who is that? Mom?
>> KRIS: Yeah.
>> KIM: I'm gonna come, and
we're gonna undo this.
Where are you?
>> KRIS: I'm at Kourtney's in
the kitchen.
>> KIM: So I'm coming by.
Where is my nosy family at?
>> KRIS: She's nosy.
I didn't do that.
>> KIM: Yeah, whatever.
>> KOURTNEY: That's not called
being nosy.
>> KIM: But what, literally, if
I said I don't want a registry,
why are you trying to plan it?
>> KRIS: Because we love you.
>> KIM: My family is being so
controlling, and this is my
life.
Like, I need to take control and
do what I want to do, whether
they like it or not, and I don't
want to have a baby shower.
Because you love me, respect my
wish, and I'm not having a baby
shower.
It's, like, that simple.
>> KRIS: Let's go do this class.
I don't want to be here, but I'm
going to shoot the gun so, once
and for all, we can be done with
it.
(gunshots)
>> KHLOE: Yesterday, when we
were at lunch or whatever with
Kendall, Kylie, Rob and I, he
told the girls that he
circle (bleep) to me while I'm
passed out drunk asleep, him and
Lamar.
>> MALIKA: Shocking.
>> KHLOE: He's so weird.
>> MALIKA: He thinks it's funny.
>> KHLOE: I mean, I wanted to
wear this to lunch with you, but
I feel like I need to wear a
shirt that, like, covers this a
little more.
'Cause it's, like...
>> MALIKA: Ample camel?
>> KHLOE: Kourtney was like,
"Your jeans are just too tight."
>> MALIKA: I don't think so.
>> KHLOE: They're not too tight.
My (bleep) is just too big.
>> MALIKA: It's an interesting
set of problems.
>> KHLOE: Like, I don't know
what to do.
>> MALIKA: Maybe you got it from
your mom.
>> KHLOE: You know what,
everything is her fault in life.
(line ringing)
>> KRIS: Hi.
>> KHLOE: Hi.
How many things are you gonna
pass down to me?
>> KRIS: What do you mean,
Khloe?
>> KHLOE: Well, you passed down
premature gray hair.
You said you started getting
gray hair at 26, was it?
And doesn't Kim find gray hairs
on my head?
Okay, and you passed down the
biggest (bleep) in the entire
world, and now no matter what I
wear, I have to show camel toe.
>> KRIS: Well, it isn't that
bad, and mine looks pretty damn
good, by the way.
If you don't like camel toe,
then start wearing longer shirts
and enjoy your life.
>> KHLOE: Listen, I didn't have
an issue with my camel toe until
Kourtney and Kim, all they do is
talk about it.
>> KRIS: Look, they're not the
(bleep) police, so I hope you
tell them that and get over it.
(Khloe speaking gibberish)
>> KIM: Hello.
>> KRIS: Hey.
>> KIM: What's going on?
>> KHLOE: Slumber party!
Come here, cuddle with me.
No, no.
>> KRIS: Come on, oh, you better
get in the middle.
She doesn't want to be next to
me.
>> KOURTNEY: This is my book
from my baby shower.
Read Kim hers.
>> KHLOE: I'll read it.
>> KIM: Oh, my God, I wrote so
long.
>> KHLOE: "Shopping, dining and
getaways are what we used to do
all the time.
This new journey is going to be
amazing.
I'm so happy you did it first,
because I always copied you and
watched how you did it so I
could follow.
I love you, Auntie Kimmy."
>> KIM: True story.
>> KRIS: Can we just look at a
video that I have from one of my
baby showers so that you guys
can see how much fun that I had
with my friends?
I think a really good idea to
help Kim change her mind is to
have her watch some of my old
videos that we took when I had
my baby shower for Robert.
Oh, hi. Are we rolling?
Here I am at my best friend's
mansion with my other best
friends who are giving me this
wonderful baby shower.
>> KHLOE: Look at Auntie Shelli.
>> KRIS: We are so chic today.
We are just...
These are my friends.
>> KHLOE: Mom, this is great.
Thank God.
My dad!
>> KIM: See? A guy always shows
up at the end.
>> KHLOE: I want those glasses.
>> ROBERT: This is my, this is
my first baby shower, and I'm
thrilled to be here.
Good-bye.
>> WOMEN: Yay!
>> KHLOE: He was so cool.
Oh, you guys hugged.
I've never seen you guys hug.
>> KIM: I mean, I do get it.
>> KHLOE: Sister!
>> KIM: I do love, like, seeing
these memories and, like,
reading this stuff.
And I definitely want it.
I guess I shouldn't really care.
To say that all of this scrutiny
doesn't get to you, I would
be lying.
But listening to my family
really does make me realize that
I want to really have this
special moment for my daughter.
I'm sure you think that's
cheesy, but I think it's
so pretty.
>> KIM: No, I think it's
so cute.
>> KRIS: It's so cute.
And I was just saying
sometimes you just listen
to what people say and take it
to heart too much.
>> KIM: Okay, I'll have
a baby shower!
(Kris sniffles)
Seriously, Mom?
Get it together.
(Kris laughs)
>> KRIS: Let's go do this class
so we can get this over with.
Oh, hi. Oh, you can buy targets?
>> MAN: Excuse me.
>> KRIS: So you can put your own
face of somebody you don't
like on it?
>> MAN: You don't want
to do that. (laughs)
>> KRIS: Oh, that would be bad.
>> MAN: All right, you're
all set.
(gunshot)
>> KYLIE: Wait, I don't
like that.
>> MAN: It's going to be loud.
Your ears are protected.
>> KYLIE: I need to go.
>> MAN: Okay, go out there.
>> KRIS: I think Kylie doesn't
like the noise.
>> MAN: Yeah.
(gunshots)
>> KRIS: Oh, (bleep)!
I've always been afraid of guns
on some level.
And Kylie can't even be in the
same room.
She has to leave.
I don't want to be here, but I'm
going to go inside my head
to a happy place and try
to shoot the gun so once
and for all we can be done
with it.
I don't like being around
people with guns.
(gunshot)
That doesn't make you jump?
>> MAN: No, I'm used to it.
Now extend your arms out.
Now you're in the bull's-eye.
>> KRIS: I think I'm good.
It makes me nervous.
One to ten, what am I?
>> MAN: Seven.
(Kris laughs)
>> KRIS: We'll take it.
All right, I got to get out
of here.
This is freaking me out.
>> KYLIE: Hi.
>> KRIS: Hey. Sorry, Kylie.
>> KYLIE: I get really bad
anxiety from loud noises.
>> KRIS: I'm sorry. Come on.
Let's go.
>> MAN: So there's gonna be
a written test.
>> KRIS: Nobody said anything
about a written test.
>> MAN: There is 30 questions.
You have to get at least
23 right.
>> KRIS: Oh.
>> MAN: It's mostly common
sense.
>> KRIS: There's no common sense
when it comes to me and guns
because I don't like guns.
I don't want to be around guns.
I don't want to know anything
about guns.
Ugh! I hope I pass this.
22. (bleep)
I don't know.
Okay, I'm done.
>> MAN: Give me a few minutes
and I'll grade it.
Okay, so you missed four,
so you passed.
>> KRIS: Yeah, I passed! Whoo!
Can I take a picture with you?
>> MAN: Sure. Absolutely.
>> KRIS: Brio!
>> KIM: Do you see how big this
one is?
This one just, like,
fell asleep.
>> KOURTNEY: Have you looked
that up online?
Is there anything you can do?
>> KIM: No, I haven't
Googled it.
Swollen pregnancy feet.
>> KOURTNEY: Do you have
any thoughts about your baby
shower invite?
>> KIM: I mean, I'm kind
of debating.
We kind of want, like,
a ballerina on it.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah, that would
be cute.
>> KIM: 'Cause, like, he just
really likes ballerinas.
And then there's that, like,
Kanye, like, lullaby music
that's so cute.
When he heard it, he was, like,
"I'm so excited. Oh, my God!"
Like, just, like, little things
like that get him excited
for the baby.
But I already bought everything
on my registry.
I, like, went online and
bought it all.
>> KOURTNEY: You bought it?
>> KIM: Yeah. I think, you know,
if we just say instead of
gifts, like, they can donate
to the Children's Hospital
in Chicago.
He really likes that idea.
>> KOURTNEY: At least you could
still celebrate...
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KOURTNEY: ...and let everyone
be excited for you and then not
feel like it's making it
a big spectacle.
>> KIM: Yeah, that's the thing.
I just don't want it to be
a spectacle.
(birds squawking)
>> KOURTNEY: You know I have
birds that live in there?
Did you hear them?
>> KIM: I can here some geese.
>> KOURTNEY: Crows.
In my fireplace.
>> KIM: That's so weird.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> KRIS: I can't believe I got a
gun certificate today.
>> KYLIE: I know.
>> KRIS: All we have to do is
get our hands on this gun.
We can go to him and say, "Look,
we passed this test, we have
our certificate, and now let us
have access to the gun."
>> KYLIE: We need to plan out
what we're going to do
to the gun.
>> KRIS: We can just go out
to a pier and throw it
in the ocean.
It'll sink right to the bottom.
>> KYLIE: I'm not sure if that's
legal to throw a gun
in the ocean.
>> KRIS: We can bury it.
We could, like, dig a really
deep hole in the sand.
>> KYLIE: How do you get rid
of a gun?
>> KRIS: All of this is the same
thing that people would do in
the movies with a dead body.
What else do they do with
dead bodies?
I got it.
We'll put it in a bowl of cement
and let it harden.
(Kylie laughs)
>> KIM: Oh, my God. Wow.
This is phenom'.
>> KRIS: I want to give a toast
to Kim.
It just hit me that you're going
to have a baby, I think.
We celebrate you, Kim.
(cheering and applause)
This is like how the gangsters
did it back in the day.
Kylie, stick the gun in there.
>> KYLIE: Okay.
>> KRIS: Drop it in.
Awesome.
Now it's Operation
Destroy the Gun.
>> KYLIE: Hello.
>> KRIS: Hey.
>> BRUCE: Hey, look who's here!
>> KRIS: Guess what.
Look what I got.
Look what I got!
>> BRUCE: Oh, my God.
>> KRIS: Yay!
I passed the test.
>> BRUCE: "Certificate of
safety."
Your official, uh...
>> KRIS: Certificate.
>> BRUCE: ...gun safety
certificate.
>> KRIS: Uh-huh. Okay, I'm
actually gonna even show you
what a great shot I am.
See? He said I was really good
because I got it all right in
the middle.
>> BRUCE: Dead center, yeah.
>> KRIS: Yes, I did.
>> BRUCE: This one was a little
low, hon.
>> KRIS: Okay, well, then
I would cover your, you know,
lower half, if you know
what I mean.
>> BRUCE: Yeah. So you know how
to use the gun.
>> KRIS: All right, so where's
the gun?
>> BRUCE: Well, just a minute.
>> KRIS: You told me that if I
got my gun certificate, you'd
show us where the gun was.
>> KYLIE: That was the rules,
Dad.
>> KRIS: So we went.
She was my witness.
>> BRUCE: Did you shoot?
>> KYLIE: No, I'm scared.
(Bruce laughs)
>> KRIS: Been waiting for this
one for weeks now.
It's in the laundry room
this whole time?
>> BRUCE: Yeah.
Come here.
Making sure that...
>> KRIS: Don't aim it this way.
>> BRUCE: I'm not aiming it
at anybody.
I'm just taking it, make sure
there's nothing in it.
It's empty.
>> KRIS: Okay, let me see it.
Okay, good. All right.
Now phase two is complete,
we know the location of the gun.
>> BRUCE: You're not some
James Bond, okay?
>> KRIS (laughs): Yes, I am.
>> BRUCE: Actually, you look
kind of hot with a gun.
>> KRIS: Really? (clicks tongue)
Maybe we can play
cops and robbers.
>> BRUCE (laughs): Maybe.
>> KRIS: Okay, now that I know
where you keep it, you can have
your little gun.
>> BRUCE: Okay.
>> KRIS: Okay, put it back,
and I'm good.
>> BRUCE: You're good?
>> KRIS: Yeah.
>> BRUCE: All right.
I'll give you the code.
>> KRIS: Awesome.
Yay. Bruce finally
gave us the code, so now it's
Operation Destroy the Gun.
Okay, well, I'm gonna put this
in my little scrapbook.
>> BRUCE: Why don't you have
it framed?
>> KRIS: Oh, I just might.
And this will remind you about
what a great shot I am.
At all times, okay?
You got that? All right, I'm
going to go take a shower.
>> BRUCE: All right.
>> KRIS: All right.
>> KHLOE: I'm very disappointed
in you.
>> KOURTNEY: That I'm late?
>> KHLOE: Kourtney, you're,
like, 15 minutes late.
>> KOURTNEY: Well, sorry.
>> KHLOE: There's something
shoved up my (bleep), and you
can't even be on time?
You have some nerve.
>> KOURTNEY: How does that
camel-toe pad feel?
>> KHLOE: It's the most
irritating thing, literally.
>> KOURTNEY: I feel like I'm
itching just thinking about
your thing.
>> KHLOE: Can I get a yeast
infection from it?
Hi. Sorry we're late.
>> GEORGE: It's okay.
We do warm up.
Lay down.
Keep your arms on the side.
>> KHLOE: Can you see it?
My thing is, like...
>> KOURTNEY: It does a body
good.
>> GEORGE: We're going to dance
now.
>> KHLOE: It's, like, shifting.
Like, I can't really do that.
It's going to the left.
>> GEORGE: Let's go, Superman.
Let's go up.
>> KHLOE: This little twerp
really wants me to wear this cup
to work out?
Honestly, it's getting to me.
>> GEORGE: Three, four.
Jump jacks.
Let's go, one, two, three...
>> KHLOE: I can't spread my
legs.
Kourt.
>> GEORGE: Okay, one more time,
knees up. Ten. Excellent.
Marching.
>> KHLOE: This ain't working,
sister.
(bleep) annoying.
I want to cover the camel, but
this thing freaks me out.
So, Kourt, screw you.
>> KOURTNEY: What happened?
>> KHLOE: I threw it away.
It's done.
It's never happening again.
>> KOURTNEY: I think you could
wash it and reuse it.
>> KHLOE: No, it's the most
uncomfortable thing ever.
>> GEORGE: Go!
Jump over!
>> KHLOE: I'm not gonna stress
out about it.
I have to go back to the mindset
that I always had.
If you see it, that's my gift
from me to you, 'cause it's a
beautiful gift.
>> GEORGE: Excellent.
(screams)
Nice.
Knees up.
Let's go.
Good job.
High-five. Let's go.
>> KOURTNEY: I'm like a
kangaroo.
>> KHLOE: See, I couldn't do
that before.
Lameer?
>> KOURTNEY: Lamar.
>> SCOTT: You know you got an
elephant in the garage?
>> LAMAR: An elephant?
>> SCOTT: You do.
>> KOURTNEY: Do you think it's
weird that you've never been to
my house?
>> SCOTT: It's a little weird.
>> KHLOE: I think it's so weird.
>> KOURTNEY: In three years...
>> KHLOE: Are you going to Kim's
baby shower?
>> SCOTT: I'm supposed to.
>> LAMAR: Men don't go to baby
showers.
>> KHLOE: At the end, Kanye is
going, and Scott was gonna go,
and Kim said...
>> LAMAR: To baby showers?
>> KOURTNEY: He's gonna stop by
at the end.
>> KHLOE: And so they were all
saying is that all you guys come
together.
Like, it's at Auntie Shelli's
house.
>> LAMAR: Okay, I'm with it.
But that's weird, though.
>> KOURTNEY: You came to mine.
Remember, I sat on your lap and
we took a picture.
>> LAMAR: At the baby shower?
>> KOURTNEY: Yes, and Khloe...
>> SCOTT: It's all good, just at
the end to say hello.
>> KHLOE: So what time are the
boys going?
>> KOURTNEY: 2:00, 1:30.
>> SCOTT: I'm more than happy to
pick you up on the way.
>> LAMAR: You pick me up on the
way, bro.
>> SCOTT: Pick you up at
around noon.
>> KHLOE: You guys, coordinate
this with Kanye, because Kim's
concerned he's gonna feel
awkward.
>> LAMAR: We'll go in the
Murcilago.
>> SCOTT: We're gonna be
in an SUV.
>> LAMAR: You feel me?
>> KRIS: Kylie?
>> KYLIE: Yeah?
>> KRIS: Come downstairs with
me.
Daddy's not home, and I'll put
this in the cement.
Yeah, come on.
Come on, quick.
I don't want to do this by
myself.
I want to do this before he
gets home.
I swear to God, I am so nervous,
my eye's twitching.
So let's do this.
All right, Kylie, fill that
thing up with water.
>> KYLIE: How much water?
>> KRIS: That's probably good.
Pour it in here.
Okay.
And we're gonna pour it back in
there so it makes a block.
This is, like, how the gangsters
did it back in the day, Kylie.
>> KYLIE: What are you talking
about?
>> KRIS: We're monsters.
Okay, stick the gun in there.
Stick it in, drop it in.
Perfect.
Okay.
Awesome.
>> KYLIE: That's enough.
>> KRIS: It says here, takes
24 hours to dry.
So we're gonna hide it till
tomorrow.
Bruce has never used a gun and
will probably never use this
gun.
Kylie, put it behind the
barbeque.
Just slide it.
Okay.
We got to get rid of the
evidence.
Okay, so take this stuff and
stick it in the Dumpster at the
front of the driveway.
He'll never look inside the
trashcan.
>> BRUCE: Hi, babe.
Surprise.
I know you love surprises.
>> KRIS: What'd you get me?
(bleep)
>> KOURTNEY: Some details about
Kim's shower have been leaked to
the media.
>> KIM: "As you might have
guessed, these weren't just your
old store-bought invitations."
It's not loading.
>> KOURTNEY: And Kim needs to be
celebrating this amazing time in
her life.
>> KRIS: I just feel big and
heavy and fat.
>> KOURTNEY: Then guess what,
honey, change your diet.
>> KRIS: I had a salad today at
Stanley's.
>> KIM: Oh, my God, on TMZ, "Kim
Kardashian's baby shower
preparations are well underway.
In fact, invitations have
gone out.
As you might have guessed, these
weren't just your old
store-bought invitations.
They arrived to their intended
destinations in music boxes that
wind up with a little
ballerina."
That's not mine.
>> KRIS: It says little
ballerina?
>> KOURTNEY: Kim, Ken got the
deets.
Some details about Kim's shower
have been leaked to the media,
and she's just over people
trying to spin everything that
she does in a negative way, and
Kim just needs to be celebrating
this amazing time in her life.
Ken just wrote me back and said
that you are the person that
told him.
>> KRIS: Did not.
I haven't talked to him in three
weeks.
I never told him anything.
So tell him he's a (bleep).
Get him on the phone.
Get him on the speaker phone.
>> KOURTNEY: Oh, it's Ken.
>> KRIS: Okay, put him on
speaker.
>> KOURTNEY: Hi.
>> KEN: Hey, so here's the deal.
Apparently, invites started
going out this week, and
whatever information they got to
push people buzzing
about June 2.
Well, to my knowledge, no one's
actually seen the invite.
>> KRIS: I thought you said that
he said I said it.
>> KIM: Mom, we were joking.
>> KOURTNEY: Mom, we're joking!
You freak.
>> KIM: My publicist just sent
me a post that's going up either
tonight or in the morning from
TMZ with, like, every detail of
what it looked like, except for
there was no photo of it.
>> KEN: Well, someone will
probably sell them the photo at
some point.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah, totally.
Kim finally agreed to let us
throw her a baby shower, and I
just don't want anyone's
opinions to ruin Kim's shower.
She's very hormonal, and I'll
deal with her mood swings as
they come.
>> KIM: I'm not hormonal.
>> KEN: All right, guys, I'll
call you later.
>> KOURTNEY: Talk to you soon.
Bye.
>> KEN: Bye.
>> KOURTNEY: You have to try to
let some of this go.
It's gonna get worse once you
have a baby.
>> KIM: I know.
>> KOURTNEY: You're gonna feel
so much more protective.
>> BRUCE: Hey!
>> KRIS: Upstairs.
>> BRUCE: Upstairs?
>> KRIS: Why are somebody else's
sandals in my room?
>> KYLIE: Let me see?
>> KRIS: You don't know who
these are?
>> KYLIE: Why do you look at me
like that's so weird?
>> KRIS: Hi.
>> BRUCE: Hi, babe.
>> KRIS: What's going on?
>> BRUCE: Surprise.
>> KRIS: Surprise?
>> BRUCE: Yeah, I know you love
surprises.
>> KRIS: I do love surprises.
What'd you get me?
>> BRUCE: Well, I got you
something.
Even though you said you didn't
need it, I thought it would be
good that you had one.
This is, uh, a little smaller
version.
It's still a nine millimeter,
like you were shooting.
>> KRIS: It's heavy.
>> BRUCE: Very powerful, but a
smaller gun for you.
>> KRIS: Okay, well...
Wait a minute, so now Bruce is
buying me a gun?
(bleep)
Now what am I gonna do?
>> BRUCE: I'll show you the
differences 'cause this is a
little bit different, the way it
operates, than the other gun.
I'm gonna go get the other gun.
>> KRIS: No, that's okay.
>> BRUCE: No, I got it.
>> KRIS: No, really, it's okay.
Come here.
>> BRUCE: Honey, you need to
compare the two.
>> KRIS: Kylie, we are in so
much trouble.
Just go get him, go get him, go
get him, go get him.
>> KYLIE: Why am I...
>> KRIS: He's gonna go down and
into the safe, and his gun isn't
gonna be there.
>> KYLIE: Oh, shoot.
>> KRIS: I know, exactly.
>> KYLIE: Dad!
>> KRIS: Honey?
>> BRUCE: Guys?
>> KYLIE: Dad?
>> BRUCE: Where's the gun?
>> KIM: I can't believe you
guys.
>> SCOTT: I didn't know what you
were saying.
>> KOURTNEY: No, don't make an
excuse.
Scott and Lamar came early
to the shower.
>> KHLOE: I can't believe Scott
and Lamar are such morons.
>> KRIS: What gun?
Your gun in your safe?
Kylie, where's the gun?
>> BRUCE: You're the only one
that I told the code to.
>> KRIS: Right.
Kylie, you tell him.
>> BRUCE: Let's not fool around.
>> KRIS: Um...
>> KYLIE: You lead the way.
>> BRUCE: Where'd the gun go?
This is so simple.
What are you doing with the gun?
>> KRIS: We have the gun.
>> BRUCE: You don't play around
with it; you have the gun.
>> KRIS: We'll show you where
the gun is right now.
Take it out.
>> KYLIE: I can't.
It's too heavy.
>> KRIS: I'll get it.
>> KYLIE: How did you do that?
You're a monster.
>> KRIS: Okay, you go first.
>> KYLIE: I'm scared.
>> KRIS: I'm scared.
All right, well, here's your
gun.
Could you grab it, 'cause it's
really heavy.
>> BRUCE: It's cement.
>> KRIS: You could throw that
cement block at the bad guy.
>> BRUCE: No, that's not even
funny.
Whose idea was this?
(Kylie mutters quietly)
What?
>> KRIS: It was her idea.
>> BRUCE: This is really
serious stuff.
>> KYLIE: It was... it was
her idea.
>> KRIS: It was our idea.
>> BRUCE: I... honestly I just
can't believe that you guys did
this, after all the trouble I
went through.
>> KRIS: Well, we didn't think
it was stupid.
>> BRUCE: Why?
>> KRIS: We actually think it
was safer for us.
>> KYLIE: Uh-huh.
>> KRIS: We feel better not
having an available gun in
the house.
>> BRUCE: Well, uh, good news
and bad news.
The bad news is the gun... that
gun is ruined.
>> KRIS: Right.
>> BRUCE: The good news is I'm
taking the gun that's upstairs.
>> KRIS: Oh...
>> BRUCE: There will be a gun in
this house, bottom line.
>> KRIS: I am so against guns,
but I'm going to let this one
go, and I'm going to let Bruce
have his way.
There's nothing else to do
right now.
>> BRUCE: I can't believe the
gun is inside this thing.
That's ridiculous.
>> KRIS: Oh, my God.
Look at this.
Look at the flowers.
Wow.
This is absolutely beautiful
and breathtaking.
Amazing.
From the gorgeous Lucite tables
on that gorgeous green grass,
the little lanterns in the
trees, the flowers in the trees,
the flowers on the tables.
>> WOMAN: Hi!
Oh, there's champagne!
>> KRIS: It is definitely
perfection.
>> WOMAN: How are you?
(laughter)
>> KOURTNEY: You know, Khloe's
wedding was here.
>> KENDALL: Hi.
>> KRIS: Thank you guys all for
being here.
>> WOMAN: Oh, we wouldn't miss
it for the world.
>> KRIS: I'm so excited.
We are all having a baby.
>> WOMAN: We are so excited.
(laughter)
>> KRIS: Love it.
>> KIM: Oh, my God.
Wow.
This is phenom'.
Hi.
>> WOMAN: Kimmy!
>> KIM: How are you?
>> WOMAN: Oh, fabulous!
How are you?
>> KIM: This baby shower looks
so gorgeous.
It turned out exactly the way
that I imagined it to be.
It's just so pretty and magical,
and I'm just so happy with
everything.
Hi.
>> WOMAN: How are you?
>> KIM: You look so great!
>> WOMAN: So do you.
>> KELLY: Last time we were
here, it was for Khloe's
wedding.
>> KRIS: No, that's what we
just said.
>> KELLY: Yeah, and I... I was
sitting right there, and I
watched Khloe get married, and
now we're here for a baby.
It's crazy.
>> KIM: Hi.
Good to see you.
>> KHLOE: Hi!
How are you?
>> WOMAN: You picked out names
and all that stuff?
>> KIM: That's the hardest part.
I need, like, a real sit-down.
He's definitely going to want
something unique.
>> KHLOE: I'm sweating all in
between my (bleep) legs.
It's like I'm a whore.
>> KRIS: So, I want to give a
toast to Kim.
I... it just hit me that you're
going to have a baby, I think.
And I was doing really well
until I walked by this table
over here of all your childhood
friends.
And it reminds me of when Shelli
and I were raising all of you
guys and how much joy you
brought me.
You're an amazing young woman.
You have the biggest heart.
And I love you so much.
And you are so strong.
You take such an incredible
amount of (bleep) from everyone.
And you wake up every day with a
smile, and I know you're going
to make the most amazing mother.
And I can't wait until this baby
is born.
You... you make me so happy, and
this is... all these people are
here because you are so loved.
We celebrate you, Kim.
(cheering and applause)
Congratulations.
>> KIM: Love you.
My mom might be this, like,
smart, really together
businesswoman, but what really
drives her is family, and that's
why, you know, we all love her
so much.
>> KRIS: What also means a lot
is for all of you, Kanye's
family, to blend your family
with ours, and we reach out to
you with love.
And before we know it, it's
going to be a first birthday
and a second birthday, and we
have a lot of things to look
forward to.
We love all of you very much.
Thank you, guys, for being here
with us along the way.
(cheering and applause)
>> SHELLI: Hello, everybody.
What would a baby shower be
without a baby game?
No teams.
Good prize.
You want to win.
(laughter)
You want the... the-the actor
or actress?
Correct.
Ryan Gosling was the Leo.
Ryan Gosling.
>> KOURTNEY: I don't know any
of these.
>> KIM: Kourtney, you know one
at the end.
>> KOURTNEY: I know four.
(laughter)
>> KRIS: Are they here?
>> WOMAN: Hi, Kourt!
>> LAMAR: How's it going?
>> CICI: Lamar, I missed you!
Yeah, when are you going to come
to Vegas?
>> LAMAR: Whenever you want
me to.
>> CICI: Oh, okay.
>> SCOTT: Are we early?
>> KOURTNEY: A little bit.
>> KHLOE: Where's Kanye?
>> LAMAR: I don't know.
>> KHLOE: We asked you to do one
thing, Lamar and Scott: meet up
with Kanye and come here as
a group.
Why can't you guys do the one
thing we asked?
I just... I don't get it.
>> KOURTNEY: I can't believe
you guys didn't coordinate
with Kanye.
>> SCOTT: I didn't know what you
were saying.
>> KOURTNEY: No, don't make
an excuse.
Although it's not, like, a huge
deal, Scott and Lamar came early
to the shower, but I think with
Kim, it's important, and we want
the day to be perfect.
>> KHLOE: I can't believe Scott
and Lamar-- such morons.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
>> KHLOE: Hi, gorge.
You want a bite of my wolf?
>> KIM: No.
Lamar and Scott were supposed to
check in with Kanye to be, like,
come at the same time.
So, who's Kanye going to
come with?
>> KHLOE: I know, Kimmy.
I'm so sorry.
>> KIM: Hi!
How are you?
>> WOMAN: How are you?
>> KIM: That is (bleep).
>> WOMAN: Look at you!
>> KHLOE: I feel so bad
that Scott and Lamar dropped
the ball.
>> KIM: I'm glad you guys came.
>> WOMAN: You look beautiful,
radiant.
>> WOMAN 2: How do you feel?
>> KHLOE: Ah!
Kanye is here.
>> KRIS: How are you?
>> KANYE: I'm doing good.
>> KRIS: Good to see you.
Thank you for coming.
>> KHLOE: And now the shower can
end just the way it started:
perfectly.
>> KANYE: How are you?
>> KHLOE: Good. How are you?
>> KANYE: I'm doing good.
>> KHLOE: You're here.
>> KANYE: It's all, like,
overwhelming, you know.
I've been... I'm seeing, like,
all family and everything.
>> KHLOE: Hi. How are you?
Nice to see you.
>> MAN: Good. Nice to see you.
>> KIM: It all worked out.
Kanye came with some family
members, and it just was, like,
the perfect kind of family
reunion for him, and just, like,
a really special moment to see
him come at the end.
>> KANYE: You know, I knew that
all these people were coming,
but it's like, "Damn."
It's, like, a lot of family
here.
>> KIM: Every table was filled.
It was fun.
I am honestly so glad that my
sisters and my mom talked me
into having this baby shower.
I'm going to have the most
amazing memories of my boyfriend
coming and all of his family and
all of my family and all of my
best friends.
Everything just is so perfect.
>> KHLOE: I'm over here, Lamar.
I'm over here.
>> KRIS: But I'm over here.
>> KHLOE: You can't, Mom.
Get over it.
>> KIM: This better go up in
your office.
>> KRIS: It will.
(laughter)
>> KIM: Next on Keeping Up with
the Kardashians:
(dog growling and barking)
>> BRUCE: I mean, this dog needs
some serious training.
>> KHLOE: He's six months old.
>> BRUCE: Look at him.
Look at him.
That's the most exciting thing
that's happened to me in a
long time.
(horn honks)
>> KRIS: I sent an e-mail out to
save the date for Scooter Day.
>> SCOTT: I'm not going to
ride around my neighborhood on
a scooter.
>> KRIS: I-I just can't take
it anymore.
>> KHLOE: You know how
sentimental my mom is.
I'm nervous about being
examined.
>> KIM: The adoption attorney is
such a better choice.
>> KHLOE: Don't press your luck.
Now you're being (bleep)
annoying.